juicy is a rather unfashionable notion
these days isn't it yet it strikes me
from meeting the bamas that they see it
as something to be enjoyed rather than
something to be endured and maybe given
the changing complexion of the typical
British family we could all learn a
thing or two from their way of doing
things from the dying days of the Second
World War to the flowering of a new
century we really have turned the
British family upside down
the conventional family unit a couple
with kids lives in only about one in
four homes today over seven decades
we've chased dreams of more fulfilling
marriages and relationships of sexual
freedom and liberation and of cash and
career in our rush for self fulfillment
we've tested our families to the limit
and revolutionized them in the process
and the state of the British family
today well as was once once Lee said
other things in our life made changes
but we start and we end with family
and that was the last part of this
series the British family the Six
Nations rugby kicks off on Saturday here
on BBC HD with Ireland V Italy that's
from 22 to but still to come tonight
Empire of the Seas with Dan Sloane